---
layout: rant19th
title: December 19th, 2024 — 6:47 PM
---


I had just gotten down from my college bus. Like any other day, I was waiting to board the local bus to reach home.  
With each minute passing I was growing impatient, because I had to get my drawing sheets and these would be graded. I wouldn’t be tensed if it were “current me”. I was in my first sem of the first year, unbeknownst to the ways of the world lol.

The bus arrives, a bit crowded. I could have quickly rushed in and gotten myself a nice comfy spot. But nah, I was in my macho days — I stood on the footboard with only one leg on it and half outside by hanging onto the window bars.

Looks cool, I thought so.

After a couple of seconds I could feel my arms losing strength, but I believed I could hang on at least a couple more minutes, giving me enough time to get down at the next stop.  
My arms turned sore, strength slipping away, sweating — scared of falling from a 40 km/hr bus. Helpless, I asked for help to pull me inside, but couldn’t get my message across.

…

I tried to dampen my fall by moving in the same direction as the bus. I fell chin to the ground. The passing of time was so slow; I could vividly recall how helpless I felt, how inconsequential my actions felt.

Things could have gotten worse, something held the worst back.  
Jaw broken, muscles torn away, bones shattered — I was lucky, it didn’t happen. But still had 4 stitches to the chin, skin peeled.

It was tough recovering both physically and mentally. I was going through turmoil of emotions and situations (iykyk) which felt too much to handle alone.  
I wanted help, I wanted to be heard, I wanted warmth, I wanted to forget, I wanted to be alone, I wanted…

Nevertheless, shit heals.

> **it heals**
